support custom listener options (#822)
libp2p/js-libp2p: doc/CONFIGURATION.md

})
```

> Libp2p will auto call `createListener` after initialized transport, if you want custom listener options, you can provide `listenerOptions` in your transport option. For example, `libp2p-webrtc-star` powered by `libp2p-webrtc-peer`, you can custom the ice server(STUN/TURN) config.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
During Libp2p startup, transport listeners will be created for the configured listen multiaddrs.  Some transports support custom listener options and you can set them using the `listenerOptions` in the transport configuration. For example, [libp2p-webrtc-star](https://github.com/libp2p/js-libp2p-webrtc-star) transport listener supports the configuration of its underlying [simple-peer](https://github.com/feross/simple-peer) ice server(STUN/TURN) config as follows:
```

```js
const transportKey = WebRTCStar.prototype[Symbol.toStringTag]
const node = await Libp2p.create({
  modules: {
    transport: [WebRTCStar],
    streamMuxer: [MPLEX],
    connEncryption: [NOISE]

>   },

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  },
  addresses: {
    listen: ['/dns4/your-wrtc-star.pub/tcp/443/wss/p2p-webrtc-star'] // your webrtc dns multiaddr
  }
```

Reviewer: We need to specify a listen address so that the transport listener is created
